docs: add REST API documentation (#2981)
seerr-team/seerr: gen-docs/README.md

```

> This command generates static content into the `build` directory and can be served using any static contents hosting service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command generates static content in the `build` directory, which can then be served using any static content hosting service.
```

### Test API Rest documentation

> This command generate API Rest documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command generates REST API documentation.
```

```
$ pnpm gen-api-docs all
```

> This command clean API Rest documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command cleans REST API documentation.
```
